To copy a GtHub repository to our system, use this command:
git clone Repository_link
EXAMPLE:
To clone our kg-demo repository, we use:
git clone https://github.com/kunaal-goyal/kg-demo.git

To change the directory from where we are in, we use cd (change directory) command.
EXAMPLE:
cd kg-demo

To come out of a directory, we use the command: cd ..

To make a new directory, we use the command: mkdir New_Directory_Name

To view all the files in a directory, we use "ls" command.
EXAMPLE:
ls

To view all the files (including hidden files), we use "ls -a" command.
EXAMPLE:
ls -a

To know the status of the cloned repository, we use "git status" command.
EXAMPLE:
git status
There are 4 types of output which we can get in terminal from this command:
1. Untracked: New files that git doesn't yet track.
2. Modified: Made changes to a file which was in the repository.
3. Staged: File is ready to be committed.
4. Unmodified: Unchanged file.

Add and Commit:
Add - Adds new or changed files in your working directory to the Git staging area.
Command: git add file_name
To add all the files at once, use command: git add .
Commit - It is the record of change.
Command: git commit -m "Some message"

To upload the files to the repostory in GitHub, we use command: git push origin main
In this command, git push is main command, origin means the main repository which was on GitHub which we cloned, and main is the name of the branch in which the file is being pushed.

Init command: Used to create a new git repository.
Command: git init

Before adding the local repository to the GitHub remote repository, we use the command: git remote add origin link
In this command, git remote repo means we are pushing the local repository to the remote repostory of GitHub. Take the link from GitHub by clicking on making new repository.

To verify remote i.e. verify on which remote repository we are pushing the file to, use the command: git remote -v

To verify the branch i.e. check the branch name on which we are pushing the repository to, use command: git branch

To change the name of the branch, use command: git branch -M Branch_name

Now use git push origin main

Workflow - 
First make a new repositoryin GitHub.
Then clone it to the loca system.
Make the changes you want in the local repository.
Add the repository.
Commit the repository.
Then finally, push the local repostory to the remote repository.

Branches: We make branches so that multiple developers can work on the same projects simultaneously.
Branches commands:
git branch - To check the branch.
git branch -M New-Renamed_Branch_Name - To rename the current branch.
git checkout Branch_name - To navigate to the other branch.
git checkout -b New_Branch_Name - To create a new branch.
git branch -d Branch_Name - TO delete a branch.